# Question 1 on Player Simulation

There are n players standing in one row, one player on a field. they are numbed from 0-n from left to right. layers perform moves one by one from left to right, that is, in ascending order of numbers. Each player presses an arrow key in one of the four cardinal directions: left<, right >, up ^ or down v. A key press in the given directions means the player attempts to move onto the closest field in the direction specified. A move can be performed only if there is no other player already standing on the target file. Moves are represented as a string S of length N, where S(K) (for K within the range 0..N-1) is in the direction of the K-th player's move. How many players will actually move successfully? Write a function def solution(S) which given a string S of length N representing the arrow keys pressed by each of the players, returns the number of players that will perform a move successfully. Assume that N is an integer within the range [1..50]: string S is made only of the following characters '^', 'v', '<' and/or '>'.

# Question 2 on Tournament rounds

There are n players (numbered from 0 to N-1) participating in a tournament the k-th player's skill level is skills(k). No two players have the same skill level. The tournament is played in rounds for as long as there are at least two players remaining. A single round of the tournament consists of one or more matches. In a match, two players compete against each other. The loser is eliminated and he winner advances to the next round. in the first round player 0 faces player 1, player 2 faces player 3 etc. In the second round the winner of the match between player 0 and player 1 faces the winner of the match between player 2 and player 3 etc The player with the higher skill wins the match.  For each player, find the last round in the tournament in which they participate. Write a function def solution(skills) that given any array of skills of n integers, returns an array results of n integers where results(k) denotes the number of the last round  in which the k-th player participates
